Server Rules

➤ These rules are intended to keep the server in-order and are always subject to change. They are enforced at moderator discretion, failure to comply will result in punishment.

➤ Stay civil and treat users with respect.
➤ Treat others the way you want to be treated.
➤ Trolling, Doxxing, Personal Attacks, Attacks towards groups of people, (Racism, Homophobia, Etc), Death threats or Wishes and other similar actions will not be tolerated. (This includes jokes on these subjects so be aware that moderation may occur)
➤ Attacking users through DMs is also prohibited. 
➤ Don't be toxic and use common sense.

➤ Keep chat tidy and appropriate.
➤ Keep channels to their dedicated languages.
➤ No spamming or mindless posting, try to stay on topic at all times and use the correct channels. 
➤ No advertising both Discord and Roblox groups in server/DMs. Refrain from discussing Politics, Religion, and other potentially argumentative or controversial topic(s). 
➤ Severe arguments and outbursts likewise will not be tolerated. Please refrain from sensitive topics such as depression, self-harm, suicide, etc.
➤ Create reports with evidence rather than public callouts.

➤ Inappropriate content is prohibited.
➤ This includes extreme violence, sexual content, gore, and other sensitive content. 
➤ Heavy NSFW Jokes and comments are not allowed. 
➤ You may be asked to change your bio, avatar, name, etc, if it is deemed unfit

➤ No discussion or distribution of exploits.
➤ Discussion of exploits is prohibited. 
➤ Attempting to buy/sell exploiting software will result in an immediate ban both in server and in game.

➤ Only contact the moderation team when necessary.
➤ Only ping staff in general chats if it is completely necessary. 
➤ Pinging mods without reason will be considered trolling. 
➤ Understand that mods may not always be available, refrain from harassing staff if they are unable to assist you at that time. 
 
➤ no gambling for items with owners 
➤ No bringing arguments from different discord servers to this one.